I'm sick of seeing pretty boy Asians everywhere. You're not going to meet anyone's parents, and you are not going to a job interview. Wear a fucking t-shirt and some sneakers sometime.

The whole Asian girl wardrobe can be summed up by jeans, boots, heels, and those stupid bathrobe sweaters.

So down with all asiandom those small eyed yellow chinks. I hate them with their ching chong and what not.  This is American Damn it! we speak AMERICAN here

Whatever you do, dont come to the San Francisco bay area, this place is FILLED with Asians. Asian people wish they were white so I see tons of Asian women with white men.

One of my race-traitor housemates decided to let his asian girlfriend move in without consulting us. Fortunately they're out in two months, but until then I'm forced to deal with a typical cookie-cutter asian girl, the most obnoxious thing in the world.

i hate asians and i hate their babies too. anything with chinky eyes and has the 'nese' in the name (i.e. chinese, japanese, taiwanese, ect.) should burn and die.

they should all stop mass producing babies and all kill eachother.

They smell funny.

Asians (especially Chinese) are absolutely the most inconsiderate people on the planet. I firmly believe your people are completely worthless. Please tell all the Asian golfers out there that they are not good enough to play off the black tees. It's "Good Shot!" not "Goooooooooo Shaaaaaaaaaaaaa!"

Oh and you can't drive worth a crap either. So take that huge visor off your head so you can see the road.
Although I personally don't find them attractive, they do give good massages. So they are fun to toy with and throw out. 

Chinese and Koreans are savages. They have no honor whatsoever, cannot be trusted and care nothing for anything other than themselves. They will lie, cheat, steal and take anything from anyone if they think they can get ahead.  I can't stand Chinese and Koreans and I do not consider them a part of the human race.  

It's disgusting to watch Asians try to suck up. No matter how much you kiss ass, how much you interracially marry, no matter how much you have the cosmetic surgery to change your facial features, you're still Asian.

If you hate it so much here, go back to your little dirt village!

I bang asian girls all the time. Would I keep screwing them if I hated them? Probably, I guess.
So you think you can tell Asians apart? 
To show that they are indeed happy, asians outline their grinning chins with a “V” sign to draw attention away from their non-existant eyes.
Asian people are very clever. When asians walk into asian shops, they know what they want and the price that they are willing to pay. Asians proceed to barter and bargain until their price is met. 
When they are not playing Counter-Strike, studying, or studying, Asians like to wind down and take off some stress with some good old fashion karaoke.
The bowl haircut accentuates the intelligence, confidence, and athleticism that all Asian people possess.
Asian people love cash.
