Asian Americans are people having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian subcontinent.1
According to the 2000 U.S. Census, those who identify only as Asian-American comprise 3.6 percent of the American population, approximately 10 million individuals.
The Census Bureau projects that the Asian-American population will grow to 37.6 million individuals by the year 2050, comprising 9.3 percent of the population.
Asian-American populations are generally concentrated in the western states, the Northeast, and parts of the South.  The states with the greatest concentration of Asian Americans are Hawaii, California, Washington, New Jersey, and New York.

Asian Americans represent a wide variety of languages, dialects, and cultures as different from one another as from non-Asian groups. Asian Americans have historically been overlooked due to themyth of the model minority: the erroneous notion that Asian Americans are passive, compliant, and without problems or needs. The effects of this myth have been the failure to take seriously the very real concerns of this population.

Asian Americans represent both extremes of socioeconomic and health indices: while more than a million Asian Americans live at or below the federal poverty level, Asian-American women have the highest life expectancy of any other group.  Asian Americans suffer disproportionately from certain types of cancer, tuberculosis, and Hepatitis B.  Factors contributing to poor health outcomes for Asian Americans include language and cultural barriers, stigma associated with certain conditions, and lack of health insurance.

This racial group is defined as people having origins in any of the original peoples of the Far East, Southeast Asia, or the Indian subcontinent. According to the 2006 Census Bureau population estimate, there are 14.9 million Asian Americans living in the United States. Asian Americans account for 5 percent of the nation’s population. This number represents an increase of 63 percent from the 1990 census, thus making Asian-Americans the fastest growing of all major racial/ethnic groups. The following states have the largest Asian-American populations: California, New York, Hawaii, Texas and New Jersey.

The percentage of persons 5 years or older who do not speak English at home varies among Asian American groups: 62 percent of Vietnamese, 50 percent of Chinese, 24 percent of Filipinos and 23 percent of Asian Indians are not fluent in English.

According to the 2006 U.S. Census data, roughly 83 percent of both all Asians and all people in the United States 25 and older had at least a high school diploma. However, 42 percent of Asian Americans in comparison to 27 percent of the total U.S. population had earned at least a bachelor’s degree. Among Asian subgroups, Asian Indians had the highest percentage of bachelor’s degree attainment at 64 percent. In regards to employment, about 45 percent of Asian Americans were employed in management, professional and related occupations, compared with 34 percent of the total population. In addition, the proportions employed in high-skilled and managerial sectors varied from 13 percent for Laotians to 60 percent for Asian Indians.

According to 2006 Census data, the median family income of Asian American families is $4,300 higher than the national median income for all households. 10 percent of Asian Americans compared to 8.2 percent of non-Hispanic Caucasians live at the poverty. 2.2 percent of Asian Americans compared to 1.3 percent of Caucasians live on public assistance.

By 2003, insurance coverage among Asian American subgroups varied. Private insurance coverage rates: 75.8 percent for Vietnamese, 81.5 percent for Filipino, 84.2 percent for Chinese and 81.3 percent for other Asian groups. Public insurance coverage rates : 11.2 percent for Vietnamese, 4.9 percent for Filipino, 3.8 percent for Chinese and 5.5 percent for other Asian groups. Asian subgroups also varied within uninsured status: 13.0 percent for Vietnamese, 13.6 percent for Filipino, 12.0 percent for Chinese and 13.2 percent for other Asian groups.

In 2004, the overall insurance coverage for Asian Americans was 71.6%, as compared to 68.8% for the general population.

It is significant to note that Asian American women have the highest life expectancy (85.8 years) of any other ethnic group in the U.S. Life expectancy varies among Asian subgroups: Filipino (81.5 years), Japanese (84.5 years), and Chinese women (86.1 years). However, Asian Americans contend with numerous factors which may threaten their health. Some negative factors are infrequent medical visits due to the fear of deportation, language/cultural barriers, and the lack of health insurance. Asian Americans are most at risk for the following health conditions: cancer, heart disease, stroke, unintentional injuries (accidents), and diabetes. Asian Americans also have a high prevalence of the following conditions and risk factors: chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, hepatitis B, HIV/AIDS, smoking, tuberculosis, and liver disease.

In 2006, tuberculosis was 10 times more common among Asians, and 5 times more common among Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islanders, as compared to the White population. In 2004, Hepatitis B in Asian Americans was reduced to a rate of 1.3, the same as for the White population.

In 2003, Asian/Pacific Islander men were 40% less likely to have prostate cancer as non-Hispanic white men.
In 2003, Asian/Pacific Islander women were 30% less likely to have breast cancer as non-Hispanic white women.
In 2003, Asian/Pacific Islander women were 1.2 times as likely to have cervical cancer compared to non-Hispanic white women.
Asian/Pacific Islander men and women have higher incidence and mortality rates for stomach and liver cancer.

In Hawaii, Native Hawaiians have more than twice the rate of diabetes as Whites.
Asians are 20% less likely than non-Hispanic whites to die from diabetes.
In Hawaii, Native Hawaiians are more than 5.7 times as likely as Whites living in Hawaii to die from diabetes.
Filipinos living in Hawaii have more than 3 times the death rate as Whites living in Hawaii.

Overall, Asian/Pacific Islander adults are less likely than white adults to have heart disease and they are less likely to die from heart disease compared to non-Hispanic whites.

Asian/Pacific Islanders have lower AIDS rates than non-Hispanic white counterparts and they are less likely to die of HIV/AIDS.
One Asian/Pacific Islander child was diagnosed with AIDS in 2005.

In 2005, Asian/Pacific Islander adults aged 65 years and older were 40% less likely to have ever received the pneumonia shot, compared to non-Hispanic white adults of the same age group.
In 2005, Asian/Pacific Islander children aged 19 to 35 months reached the Healthy People goal for immunizations for Hib (haemophilus influenzae type b), hepatitis B, MMR (measles-mumps-rubella), polio and chicken pox.

Among Asian/Pacific Islanders, Sudden Infant Death Syndrome (SIDS) is the third leading cause of infant mortality.
The infant mortality rate for Asian/Pacific Islanders was 30% greater for mothers under 20 years old, as compared to mothers, ages 25-29 years old.

In general, Asians/Pacific Islander adults are less likely to die from a stroke.
In general, Asian/Pacific Islander adults have lower rates of being overweight or obese, lower rates of hypertension, and they are less likely to be current cigarette smokers, as compared to white adults.




