Contrary to media depictions, I would argue that blacks are weak-willed. They are the only race that has been enslaved for 300 years.

THE KKK IS GETTING BIGGER GRAB A BAT AND BEAT A NIGGER.

i just hate black people. i hate the fact that there's too many of them. i hate that they're so good at sports. i hate it that they're all damn criminals. as a matter of fact i hate everything black. I hate every black bastard, I hate black skin.
Most of all, I hate that black-ass Wesley Snipes.

now, all these blacks take all the big butts for themselves, so that honest, hard working americans like me get NOTHING.

I hate the black girls at my school because they're obnoxious and loud and act so aggressive and if you even dare to look at them they'll make a huge scene.

Still hating whites for something that happened so long ago umm thats racism!

Black people in the U.S.A. want everything handed to them from the White Master still!I know from the numbers that the U.S.A. has spent trillions of dollars on these Black Americans yet they commit crimes at 10 times the level of all other ethnic groups in your country. When will these Negroes learn that respect only comes from honorable actions? I would be killed here for a tenth of the actions Black Americans do to others.
These Blacks want respect and to be included but want to have separate things for Blacks only like NAACP, BET, and even film awards for Blacks only. What I have to say is American Blacks come here and see how far your foolish actions get you! Most Blacks have it made in the U.S.A. and deserve to be punished for their lack of respect for others and country!
American blacks have become spoiled little crybabies.
It seems that they love to whine and play the race card whenever they want something. Why don't they show some pride for a change and actually try earning their way in life just like most other people instead of waiting for handouts like domesticated lap dogs?
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
I have no sympathy for any woman of any color who decides to have multiple children by multiple fathers out of wedlock. 
Black women need to either close their legs with chicken wire orget married. 
It just seems like black people are marked. We have so many troubles and problems.
See, black cool is cool as we know it.
blacks know how to relax and have a good time much better than my pale brothers and sisters.  They laugh more, they are more real, less superficial, and express their joy better than most of us stiff whiteys do.
America is a nation infested with racism, prejudice, and injustices that make life very difficult for black people.
 America has the largest prison population in history and half of those men are black.
 White and Asian students are more intelligent and more capable than their African-American peers.
 
Blacks are less qualified than whites due to a cultural of failure.
My Black Brothers and Sisters made me an honorary black man, and I have my office right in Harlem so I can hang out with my home boys!
It's not your turn, yet, Negro.
