Mexicans are ruining this country. Mexicans are poor, uneducated and smelly. Mexicans have no purpose in life. Mexicans should stay in their own country. Mexicans look similar to the sewer rat. I believe they should all be killed.

I don’t speak fucking Spanish, nor do I have any inclination to learn. Here in the country I was born in, The United States of America, English is what we speak.

Another reason I hate Mexicans is Cinco De Mayo. No… that’s not some south-of-the-border mayonnaise. It is the day Mexico has chosen to celebrate their independence from France. All of that is good and fine and doesn’t bother me in the least. However, if you are going to run around screaming like a god damn beauty pageant winner waving your flag everywhere make sure you are on your own fucking soil. This is America. We have our own flag. These fools are lucky we don’t mistake them for an invading army and open fire.

They stare at you like ur the illegal alien and they smell to high heaven.

i also fucking hate the mexicans who think they fucking own our country. FUCK THE ILEGAL ONES! Dont give me that "you raped us of our country" bullshit! you were riding buffalo and throwing tomahawks. We were busy inventing shit and advancing society. SO IF YOU WANT A FUCKING APOLOGY THEN FINE! were SOOOOO Sorry for taking your shit culture and transforming it into what it is today!

They're very similar to the black girls except with a shit load of blue eyeshadow and nasty perfume.

It's been my experience that mexican kids are the most annoying to be around with the incessant running and crying at levels that surpass a bass guitar with an amp.

Do they think that naming their sons Jesus will get them into Heaven?

I hate Mexicans. Dirty Spics. If I could, I'd make every one of you dirty beaners sterile.

I don't know where this love of the Illegals came from but I know where it is going , the eventual ruin of one fine country.
We're getting screwed by the gummitup over these people. They ARE taking jobs americans want, they suck up welfare at hospitals, schools, etc.
Mexicans are openly contemptious of our laws . They rob , beat , murder our citizens.
I hate the Illegals they are an invading power and are destroying our way of life. Driving down wages, using our laws and our good nature against us. Any other country in the world would close the borders or make war on these miscreants.
I've seen some really cute little Mexican girls, though.
Can we keep the really cute Mexican girls?
If we gotta hate the Mexicans and deport or kill them, can we at least keep the really cute chicks?
