50% of my relationships and sexy time was with white women because they're everywhere , good looking, and easy. At no point in my life have I had a "good" relationship with a white woman. My mother is black and I've used her as a criteria for my girlfriends. Cook, Clean, Work hard, and most importantly, Think Critically. I have not found this in white women ever.

Perhaps, white men don't have these criteria for their women which is why I've had such trouble with them. Which brings me to the point that black men as a whole need to get over this whole "oh we can date white women now so we might as well" shyt. White women are not good for us. They're the worst kind of closet racists because they mask it with revlon jokes and mascara character murder. They're extremely selfish. They're used to being treated a certain way and that way doesn't correspond with the way I (we) are raised.

FUKK A WHITE BYTCH.

I love me some mayonaise.

Why is it that white people have the most out of control children?

Now I'm not saying every 'wasp' is a faschist, but these people are racist. They say they're better than immigrants. They say immigrants have no right to argue with them, because its their country. They call people from Turban-wearing religions 'rag heads'. They're racist, ignorant, homophobes.

All they care about is how thin and tan you are and if you're blonde that's another 10 points right there.

I hate white trash. That would mean your sorry ass. Got that KKKitty?

If you'd ever venture out of your trailer park then I'll be glad to meet your sorry ass. Just get that rabies shot first.

You generalize, stereotype, criticize and you justify your abominations by saying you are just defending yourself.

A black woman wasn't safe around those anglo-saxon mutts. They were raped at every turn. Even wild animals didn't behave as those white men did. I believe we should probably classify the anglo-saxon species as SUB-HUMAN and even that is giving them the benefit of the doubt.
the state of california voted to get rid of affirmative action and then all of the white people that voted for it got mad because, as it turned out they weren’t smart enough to get into their own colleges.
Get over the poor-picked-on white guys story.
America is a country founded by crackers and run by Jews that exists for no other reason than to kill black people.
Being in graduate school satisfies many white requirements for happiness. They can believe they are helping the world, complain that the government/university doesn’t support them enough, claim they are poor, feel as though are getting smarter, act superior to other people, enjoy perpetual three day weekends, and sleep in every day of the week!
There is no doubt that white people love coffee.
White people will often say they are “spiritual” but not religious.
White people can’t enough of Film Festivals.
White people like feeling smart without doing work.
Trying to be a white guy who dunks and stuff is like trying to be a white rapper - yeah, there are a few, but you have to work twice as hard for half the results.
White people love ethnic diversity, but only as it relates to restaurants.
Every white person takes at least one trip to Europe between the ages of 17-29.
White people want to be writers.
