50% of my relationships and sexy time was with white women because they're everywhere , good looking, and easy. At no point in my life have I had a "good" relationship with a white woman. My mother is black and I've used her as a criteria for my girlfriends. Cook, Clean, Work hard, and most importantly, Think Critically. I have not found this in white women ever.

Perhaps, white men don't have these criteria for their women which is why I've had such trouble with them. Which brings me to the point that black men as a whole need to get over this whole "oh we can date white women now so we might as well" shyt. White women are not good for us. They're the worst kind of closet racists because they mask it with revlon jokes and mascara character murder. They're extremely selfish. They're used to being treated a certain way and that way doesn't correspond with the way I (we) are raised.

FUKK A WHITE BYTCH.

I love me some mayonaise.

Why is it that white people have the most out of control children?

Now I'm not saying every 'wasp' is a faschist, but these people are racist. They say they're better than immigrants. They say immigrants have no right to argue with them, because its their country. They call people from Turban-wearing religions 'rag heads'. They're racist, ignorant, homophobes.

All they care about is how thin and tan you are and if you're blonde that's another 10 points right there.

I hate white trash. That would mean your sorry ass. Got that KKKitty?

If you'd ever venture out of your trailer park then I'll be glad to meet your sorry ass. Just get that rabies shot first.

You generalize, stereotype, criticize and you justify your abominations by saying you are just defending yourself.

A black woman wasn't safe around those anglo-saxon mutts. They were raped at every turn. Even wild animals didn't behave as those white men did. I believe we should probably classify the anglo-saxon species as SUB-HUMAN and even that is giving them the benefit of the doubt.
